Deprecations for single data node setting (#73733)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_14.asciidoc

the cluster again.
====

[discrete]
[[breaking_714_core_deprecations]]
=== Core deprecations

[discrete]
[[deprecate-single-data-node-watermark]]
.Setting `cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.enable_for_single_data_node=false` is deprecated.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The setting `cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.enable_for_single_data_node`
should never be explicitly set to false. In 8.0, the only legal value will be
true. In a future release, the setting will be removed completely, with same
behavior as if the setting was `true`.

> If the old behavior is desired for a single data node cluster, disk based
> allocation can be disabled by setting
> `cluster.routing.allocation.disk.threshold_enabled: false`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Impact* +

If your cluster has a single data node then set
`cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.enable_for_single_data_node: true`
to opt in to the future behaviour today. If you wish to disable the disk
watermarks then set `cluster.routing.allocation.disk.threshold_enabled: false`.

If your cluster has multiple data nodes then the
`cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.enable_for_single_data_node` setting
has no effect and you should discontinue its use.
```
